Add issue templates (#10)
BerryCloud/xapi-java: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/technical-task.md

---
name: Technical task

> about: Suggest a new technical task for Lift

Author: ```suggestion
about: Suggest a new technical task for xAPI-Java
```
